[docs] new Resources sidebar section and pages (#1357)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/resources/community-content.mdx

---
title: Community Content
description: Discover community-produced guides, articles and videos to help you learn and build with Starlight!
---

:::tip[Add your own!]
Have you produced content about Starlight?
Open a PR adding a link to this page!
:::

import { CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Articles and Reviews

Here is a collection of posts and articles to learn more about Starlight and other people's experiences:

<CardGrid>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://devm.io/open-source/starlight-astro"
		title="Static Site Generation with Starlight: “No idea is too big or too small when designing components”"
		description="Interview with Chris Swithinbank, Starlight Lead"
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://frontendatscale.com/blog/hybrid-frontend-architecture/"
		title="Hybrid Frontend Architecture with Astro and Starlight"

> 		description="Discussion with Ben Holmes about application design and architecture and implementing a Starlight prototype"

Reviewer: I think we can reuse the blog description 💜

```suggestion
		description="Building a fully-feature docs site with Astro and Starlight, including authentication and CMS support."
```

Reviewer 2: Agree, but there is a typo in the blog description, “fully-feature docs” should be “fully-featured docs” and maybe we can improve it a little, using a bit of Sarah’s first draft and some snippets from the article. What do we think of: 

Maxi Ferreira and Ben Holmes build and discuss a fully-featured docs site with Astro, Starlight, TinaCMS, and a personalized interactive API Playground with authentication.

> 		description="Discussion with Ben Holmes about application design and architecture and implementing a Starlight prototype"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		description="Maxi Ferreira and Ben Holmes build and discuss a fully-featured docs site with Astro, Starlight, TinaCMS, and a personalized interactive API Playground with authentication."
```

Author: Nice changes/catches both of you, but in fact there should be no hyphen at all for fully featured!  :smile: 

It takes a village....

Explore community-produced content maintained by Starlight users:

<CardGrid>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://www.webpro.nl/scraps/versioned-docs-with-starlight-and-vercel"
		title="Versioned documentation with Starlight & Vercel"
		description="A guide to implementing separate versions of documentation for each major version of a project"
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://blog.otterlord.dev/posts/starlight-algolia/"
		title="Use Algolia Docsearch with Starlight"
		description="A guide to replacing the default Pagefind searchbar with Algolia Docsearch"
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://dev.to/mrrobot/publishing-documentation-with-astro-starlight-691"
		title="Publishing Documentation with Astro Starlight"
		description="Getting started with Starlight documentation"
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://blog.otterlord.dev/posts/starlight-sponsors/"
		title="Add sponsors to your Starlight site"
		description="A guide to implement a custom sponsors component in your documentation sidebar"
	/>
</CardGrid>

## Video Content

Discover videos and channels with Starlight content, including live streams and educational content.

### Astro Videos

<CardGrid>

> 	<LinkCard
> 		href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u0Ds7wzUeI"
> 		title="Starlight by Astro"
> 		description="Watch the official Starlight launch video"
> 	/>

Author: ```suggestion
	<LinkCard
		href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u0Ds7wzUeI"
		title="Starlight by Astro"
		description="Watch the official Starlight launch video"
	/>
	<LinkCard
		href="https://www.youtube.com/shorts/zjOWezSzd18"
		title="SUB 1 MINUTE RUN"
		description="Watch Ben launch a new Starlight site in under a minute!"
	/>
```
